hello there I'm Maddie Parker and
welcome to things you should buy today
what I will be showing you that you
should buy are indeed I know it sounds
it sounds cheesy but they're they're
playing cards but not just any playing
cards I got them for you today now I'll
order these playing cards from a site
called illusionist calm it's spelled e
ll us io n IST i'll put a link in the
description and probably in an
annotation but this is where you can buy
all these awesome playing cards now even
if you aren't like a magic a fanatic
like me or if you're not into doing
things with cards these are even good
like if you bought I think maybe two or
three decks and use them for playing
because these are truly good cars
they'll last you and they look they look
awesome so what I have for you today if
you don't know the brands already that's
not really a big deal uh but I have what
I have bought I got my package today it
was about twenty two decks a couple the
same and then like 12 brand that I
really enjoy and then I bordered some
different ones so I could show off um
what we have here is we have an artifice
second edition emerald card on the back
of the boxes the thing in Carson will
leave that right there on the ground
there hey I have an infinity deck these
are new and they're really really good
that these this round me about six
dollars these round me about eight
they're a little bit on the pricey side
but if you only order a few it's fine
these are bicycle masters edition so if
you know normal bicycle cards if you
ever pick up a regular deck of bicycle
playing cards um these are masters
edition they're said to be seven times
last seven times longer than a normal
deck so I guess I'll see my heaven
really tried them out yet because I just
got them today these are bicycle 1800s
now what illusionists the company did is
a when they get their cards printed they
printed at a u.s. playing card company
it's the one that makes up playing cards
they submit their designs and the
designs are printed um and they're used
with a special finish special
performance coating and these are
actually just a normal deck with normal
finish um tricked out to look extra old
and awesome so I'm going to be doing I'm
gonna be using that these are another
bicycle that bicycle seems to be the
standard for playing cards these is a
bicycle ghost deck now this is supposed
to be all ghosty and white there's the
back of
cards and I'm you're like it's I'm going
to do a separate review on each of these
decks and you're gonna see what's up
because you might want to see the actual
cards like the face cards and all that
and then last but not least this is
these are actually my favorite deck at
the time because I use them mainly for
my magic that's all I wanted to use just
these deck and these are called arcane's
arcane playing cards um it's really
really cool it's got like it's just
supposed to be a dark nice deck these
cards are actually black um they're the
only black cards that I like the other
black cards are kind of flimsy mom and
we'll be doing an extra one with a
couple like consumer bonus deck so I'll
just be extra I got like a bunch just
chilling around so i'm going to show you
the differences between all these and
probably an individual deck for i'll
probably do two at a time um if you want
any of these decks you just check out
illusionist calm shipping the Canada's
of expensive um and I'm from Canada so
that that's a there was a bit expensive
for the shipping but these decks will
renew anywhere from four dollars for
example for the bicycle masters or like
eight dollars for the infinity um but
they're really really nice and if you're
looking and getting the magic cards
three like card flourishing or anything
or just looking to get some really cool
decks head over to Aleutians calm
they've got plenty of tricks they've got
plenty of designer playing cards and
it's an excellent way to get started
they have downloadable tricks and I mean
like that like tricks range from being
five dollars each to being twenty
dollars each and those are just easily
downloadable ones whereas you can also
get shipped special tricks like DVDs and
gimmicks Miceli at so yeah so if you
want to check out any of my reviews for
the playing cards go for it then I'll
see you next time
you